Add changes to make it possible to direct AL data sampling into different project (#279)
roboflow/inference: docs/workflows/classify_objects.md

input parameter 
* `confidence`: optional float value in range [0, 1] with threshold - can be selector to 
input parameter 
* `active_learning_target_dataset`: optional name of target dataset (or reference to `InferenceParemeter`) 

> dictating that AL should collect data to different dataset that the one declared with model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dictating that AL should collect data to a different dataset than the one declared by the model
```
